Harry Potter And The Philospohers Stone
Summarization of the whole book with TextRank
Number of sentences: 500

'Harry.
'I know that,' said Professor McGonagall irritably.
It must have 
made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his 
pocket and said, 'Hagrid's late.
'Yes,' said Professor McGonagall.
'I would trust Hagrid with my life,' said Dumbledore.
'Yes,' said Dumbledore.
'But I c-c-can't stand it – Lily an' 
James dead – an' poor little Harry offtolive with Muggles –' 

'Yes, yes, it's all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or 
we'll be found,' Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid 
gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden 
wall and walked to the front door.
'Well,' said Dumbledore finally, 'that's that.
'Nearly,' said Harry.
Harry didn't look it, but he 
was very fast.
Aunt 
Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel – Harry 
often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig.
said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as 
though he'd planned this.
'I won't blow up the house,' said Harry, but they weren't listening.
'I'm not going to do anything,' said Harry, 'honestly ...' 
But Uncle Vernon didn't believe him.
'I know they don't,' said Harry.
Harry stared.
It gave Harry a look that said 
quite plainly: 'I get that all the time.'
Harry asked.
But worst 
of all, for Harry at least, was Piers calming down enough to say, 
'Harry was talking to it, weren't you, Harry?'
At school, Harry had no one.
'No thanks,' said Harry.
'Oh,' he said.
'Get the post, Dudley,' said Uncle Vernon from behind his 
paper.
'Make Harry get it.'
said Dudley suddenly.
'Dad, Harry's got something!'
said Harry, trying to snatch it back.
'I want to read it,' said Harry furiously, 'as it's mine.'
That evening when he got back from work, Uncle Vernon did 
something he'd never done before; he visited Harry in his cupboard.
said Harry, the moment Uncle Vernon had 
squeezed through the door.
'It was not a mistake,' said Harry angrily.
said Harry.
When the post arrived, Uncle Vernon, who seemed to be trying 
to be nice to Harry, made Dudley go and get it.
he said.
'An' here's Harry!'
he said.
'Anyway – Harry,' said the giant, turning his back on the 
Dursleys, 'a very happy birthday to yeh.
Harry looked up at the giant.
'Call me Hagrid,' he said, 'everyone does.
'Er – no,' said Harry.
'Sorry,' Harry said quickly.
asked Harry.
Harry thought this was going a bit far.
'I know some things,' he said.
said Harry eagerly.
'He's not going,' he said.
said Harry, interested.
'A Muggle,' said Hagrid.
said Harry.
Harry looked into the fire.
Now he came to think about it ... 

every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and uncle furious 
with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry 
... chased by Dudley's gang, he had somehow found himself out of 
their reach ... dreading going to school with that ridiculous haircut
, he'd managed to make it grow back ... and the very last time 
Dudley had hit him, hadn't he got his revenge, without even realising 
he was doing it?
Harry looked back at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was 
positively beaming at him.
said Hagrid.
'Harry Potter, not a wizard – you wait, you'll 
be right famous at Hogwarts.'
asked Harry.
said Harry loudly.
'Flew,' said Hagrid.
'Of course not,' said Harry, eager to see more magic.
Harry asked.
Harry asked, before he could stop 
himself. 

'
'Course,' said Hagrid.
'Hagrid,' said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, 'did you 
say there are dragons at Gringotts?'
'Well, so they say,' said Hagrid.
'Good,' said Hagrid.
'Ifyouknow where to go,' said Hagrid.
If Hagrid hadn't pointed it 
 



 
 
out, Harry wouldn't have noticed it was there.
In fact, Harry had the most peculiar 
feeling that only he and Hagrid could see it.
'Can't, Tom, I'm on Hogwarts business,' said Hagrid, clapping 
his great hand on Harry's shoulder and making Harry's knees 
buckle.
Harry didn't know what to say.
said Hagrid.
'Harry, Professor Quirrell will 
be one of your teachers at Hogwarts.'
But the others wouldn't let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to 
himself.
Come on, Harry.'
Hagrid grinned at Harry.
'Right, stand back, Harry.'
'Like I said, yeh'd be madtotry an' rob it,' said Hagrid.
Harry asked.
'Stalagmite's got an "m" in it,' said Hagrid.
Harry asked.
she said, when Harry started to speak.
'Yes,' said Harry.
'No,' said Harry.
'No,' Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditch 

could be.
'No,' said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute.
'Mmm,' said Harry, wishing he could say something a bit more 
interesting.
'That's Hagrid,' said Harry, pleased to know something the boy 
didn't.
'Oh,' said the boy, 'I've heard of him.
'He's the gamekeeper,' said Harry.
'I think he's brilliant,' said Harry coldly.
'They're dead,' said Harry shortly.
But before Harry could answer, Madam Malkin said, 'That's you 
done, my dear,' and Harry, not sorry for an excuse to stop talking 
to the boy, hopped down from the footstool.
said Hagrid.
When they had left the shop, he 
said, 'Hagrid, what's Quidditch?'
'Don't make me feel worse,' said Harry.
Harry Potter.'
'It was, sir, yes,' said Hagrid.
'Oh, no, sir,' said Hagrid quickly.
'Er – well, I'm right-handed,' said Harry.
Harry tried.
Harry kept looking around.
'You all right, Harry?
True, Dudley was 
now so scared of Harry he wouldn't stay in the same room, while 
Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon didn't shut Harry in his 
cupboard, force him to do anything or shout at him – in fact, they 
didn't speak to him at all.
Harry didn't say anything.
'I don't know,' said Harry, realising this for the first time.
The guard had never heard of Hogwarts 
and when Harry couldn't even tell him what part of the country it 
was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid 
on purpose.
Getting desperate, Harry asked for the train that 
left at eleven o'clock, but the guard said there wasn't one.
'Yes,' said Harry.
'Er – OK,' said Harry.
said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harry's 

lightning scar.
said Harry.
'Oh, him,' said Harry.
said one of 

the twins.
'Shut up,' said Ron.
said one of the 

twins.
And look after Ron.'
'Shut up,' said Ron again.
Harry leant back quickly so they couldn't see him looking.
'Harry Potter!'
'Bye,' said Harry and Ron.
'Are you really Harry Potter?'
'Oh – well, I thought it might be one of Fred and George's 

jokes,' said Ron.
And have you really got – you know ...' 
He pointed at Harry's forehead.
'Yes,' said Harry, 'but I can't remember it.'
said Ron eagerly.
asked Harry, who found Ron just 
as interesting as Ron found him.
'Er – yes, I think so,' said Ron.
'Five,' said Ron.
He seemed to think he'd said too much, 
because he went back to staring out of the window.
'... and until Hagrid told me, I didn't know anything about 
being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort –' 

Ron gasped.
said Harry.
'You said You-Know-Who's name!'
'I'd have thought you, of all people –' 
'I'm not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name,' said 

Harry.
'Go 
on –' 

'You don't want this, it's all dry,' said Ron.
'No,' said Ron.
said Harry.
said Ron.
said Ron.
'Help yourself,' said Harry.
'He'll turn up,' said Harry.
'Don't know why he's so bothered,' said Ron.
Neville's lost one,' she said.
'We've already told him we haven't seen it,' said Ron, but the 
girl wasn't listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand.
'Harry Potter,' said Harry.
said Hermione.
'Goodness, didn't you know, I'd have found out everything I 

could if it was me,' said Hermione.
asked Harry.
'Gryffindor,' said Ron.
'Yeah,' said Ron.
'You know, I think the ends of Scabbers's whiskers are a bit 

lighter,' said Harry, trying to take Ron's mind off houses.
Harry stared.
he said.
'Yes,' said Harry.
He turned back to Harry.
He held out his hand to shake Harry's, but Harry didn't take it.
Both Harry and Ron stood up.
'Say that again,' he said.
'Unless you get out now,' said Harry, more bravely than he felt, 

because Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron.
'I think he's been knocked out,' Ron said to Harry.
All right there, Harry?'
Harry and Ron were 
followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione.
'The firs'-years, Professor McGonagall,' said Hagrid.
Ron whispered to Harry.
What 
if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until 
Professor McGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had 
obviously been a mistake and he'd better get back on the train?
'The Harry Potter?'
The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes 

was the Hall full of people craning to get a good look at him.
'Well done, Ron, excellent,' said Percy Weasley pompously 
across Harry as 'Zabini, Blaise' was made a Slytherin.
he said.
said Ron suddenly.
said Ron.
Harder to shake 

off was the feeling Harry had got from the teacher's look – a feeling 
that he didn't like Harry at all.
Harry watched Snape for a while but Snape didn't look at him 
again.
she said.
Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of 
him on their very first morning.
'Wish McGonagall favoured us,' said Harry.
Dear Harry, (it said, in a very untidy scrawl) 

I know you get Friday afternoons off, so would you like to 
come and have a cup of tea with me around three?
Hagrid 
 

Harry borrowed Ron's quill, scribbled 'Yes, please, see you later' on 
the back of the note and sent Hedwig off again.
'Ah, yes,' he said softly, 'Harry Potter.
said Snape suddenly.
'I don't know, sir,' said Harry.
'I don't know,' said Harry quietly.
'Cheer up,' said Ron.
said Hagrid, glancing at Ron's freckles.
Harry told Hagrid about Snape's lesson.
Hagrid, like Ron, told 
Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the 
students.
said Hagrid.
Yet Harry couldn't help thinking that Hagrid didn't quite meet 

his eyes when he said that.
Hagrid asked Ron.
said Harry.
As Harry and Ron walked back to the castle for dinner, their 
pockets weighed down with rock cakes they'd been too polite to 
refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons he'd had so far had 
given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid.
And did 
Hagrid know something about Snape that he didn't want to tell 
Harry?
Harry and Ron jumped to their feet.
Perhaps brooms, like 
horses, could tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was 
a quaver in Neville's voice that said only too clearly that he wanted 
to keep his feet on the ground.
Harry and Ron were delighted when she 
told Malfoy he'd been doing it wrong for years.
'Give that here, Malfoy,' said Harry quietly.
'HARRY POTTER!'
'Follow me, you two,' said Professor McGonagall, and they 
marched on up the corridor, Wood looking curiously at Harry.
Harry had just finished telling Ron what 

had happened when he'd left the grounds with Professor 
McGonagall.
he said.
'I start training next week,' said Harry.
'You're a lot braver now you're back on the ground and you've 
got your little friends with you,' said Harry coolly.
'I'd take you on any time on my own,' said Malfoy.
When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at each other.
said Harry.
said Ron.
'And it's really none of your business,' said Harry.
'Goodbye,' said Ron.
said Ron furiously.
'Come on,' he said to Ron.
'You've got some nerve –' said Ron loudly.
said Harry sharply.
said Harry.
Harry yelled and the four of them sprinted down the 
gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following – 
they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor 
then another, Harry in the lead without any idea where they were 
 



 
 
or where they were going.
'We've got to get back to Gryffindor Tower,' said Ron, 'quickly 
as possible.'
'Malfoy tricked you,' Hermione said to Harry.
Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasn't going to 
tell her that.
It was a while before any of them said anything.
said Ron finally.
But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as 

he climbed back into bed.
The dog was guarding something ... 
What had Hagrid said?
'Or both,' said Harry.
Ron grinned at Harry.
'Yes, yes, that's right,' said Professor Flitwick, beaming at Harry.
'A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir,' said Harry, fighting not to laugh 
at the look of horror on Malfoy's face.
said Harry.
'Yes, don't stop now,' said Ron, 'it's doing us so much good.'
'Right,' said Wood.
'Never mind,' said Harry quickly.
'Three Chasers, one Keeper,' said Harry, who was determined to 
remember it all.
'Very good,' said Wood.
'It's no wonder no one can stand her,' he said to Harry as they 

pushed their way into the crowded corridor.
said Ron, but he looked a bit uncomfortable.
Harry whispered.
'He's heading for the third floor,' Harry said, but Ron held up 

his hand.
Harry said desperately to Ron, and seizing a tap he 
threw it as hard as he could against the wall.
Harry got to his feet.
'I don't think so,' said Harry.
Professor McGonagall was looking at 
Ron and Harry.
Harry had never seen her look so angry.
Harry looked at Ron, 
who was still standing with his wand in the air.
Harry looked at the 
floor.
Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasn't new to 
them.
Professor McGonagall turned to Harry and Ron.
Harry, 
Ron and Hermione sat together next to a window.
Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was 
going to ask Snape if he could have it.
Harry left, before Snape could take any more points from 

Gryffindor.
Ron asked as Harry joined them.
'No – he wouldn't,' she said.
'I'm with Harry.
'All right there, Harry?'
Harry saw it.
'Can't have,' Hagrid said, his voice shaking.
Ron turned the binoculars back on Harry.
Ron said.
Harry, Ron and Hermione looked at each other, wondering 
what to tell him.
he said.
said Harry eagerly.
'Rubbish,' said Hagrid again.
said Harry.
'I'll get him,' said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoy's back, 'one 
of these days, I'll get him –' 

'I hate them both,' said Harry, 'Malfoy and Snape.'
So Harry, Ron and Hermione followed Hagrid and his tree off to 

the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor 
Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations.
'Just one,' said Hermione.
'And that reminds me – Harry, Ron, 

we've got half an hour before lunch, we should be in the library,' 
'Oh yeah, you're right,' said Ron, tearing his eyes away from 

Professor Flitwick, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his 
wand and was trailing them over the branches of the new tree.
'We just want to know who Nicolas Flamel is, that's all,' said 
Hermione.
'Just have to find out for ourselves, then,' said Ron, and they 

left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library.
'Nothing,' said Harry.
said 
Hermione.
'And you could ask your parents if they know who Flamel is,' 
said Ron.
* 

Once the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too 
good a time to think much about Flamel.
'You too,' said Harry.
said Ron, turning to his own 
pile, which was a lot bigger than Harry's.
'That's friendly,' said Harry.
he said.
'You can keep it,' said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was.
'I think I know who that one's from,' said Ron, going a bit pink 

and pointing to a very lumpy parcel.
Harry looked down at his feet, but they had gone.
said Ron suddenly.
'I'd give anything for one of these,' he said.
'Nothing,' said Harry.
Get it on, Percy, come on, we're all wearing ours, 
even Harry got one.'
Harry said nothing.
Harry looked 
over his shoulder – but, still, no one was there.
It 
stuck up at the back, just like Harry's did.
And slowly, Harry looked 

into the faces of the other people in the mirror and saw other 
pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old 
man who looked as though he had Harry's knobbly knees – Harry 
was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.
'I'd like to see your mum and dad,' Ron said eagerly.
'You can see them any old time,' said Ron.
said Ron.
Harry whispered.
he said.
And Ron pulled Harry out of the room.
said Ron.
'No ... you go ...' 
'I know what you're thinking about, Harry, that mirror.
But Harry only had one thought in his head, which was to get 

back in front of the mirror, and Ron wasn't going to stop him.
Except – 
'So – back again, Harry?'
Harry thought.
Then he said slowly, 'It shows us what we want 
... whatever we want ...' 

'Yes and no,' said Dumbledore quietly.
Harry stared.
'One can never have enough socks,' said Dumbledore.
'You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror could drive you 
mad,' said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams.
The rest of the team hung back to talk to each other as usual at 
the end of practice, but Harry headed straight back to the 
Gryffindor common room, where he found Ron and Hermione 
playing chess.
Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, 
something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her.
'Don't talk to me for a moment,' said Ron when Harry sat down 
next to him.
'Don't play,' said Hermione at once.
'Say you're ill,' said Ron.
'I can't,' said Harry.
Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit 
with Harry and Ron.
said Ron.
'You're worth twelve of Malfoy,' Harry said.
'Dumbledore again,' he said.
Then he looked 

up at Ron and Hermione.
said Harry and Ron.
said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished.
said Harry.
It wasn't until Ron said he'd buy his own Quidditch 
team that Harry remembered about Snape and the coming match.
I'm going to play,' he told Ron and Hermione.
'I've never seen Snape look so mean,' he told Hermione.
said Hermione suddenly.
'Harry –!'
said Malfoy.
'Come on, Harry!'
'Ron!
Ron!
Harry's won!
'Well done,' said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry could 
hear.
It was almost dark now, but Harry could see Quirrell, standing 
quite still as though he was petrified.
* 
'Harry where have you been?'
shouted Ron, thumping Harry on 
the back.
'Never mind that now,' said Harry breathlessly.
He asked if he knew how 
to get past Fluffy – and he said something about Quirrell's "hocuspocus
" – I reckon there are other things guarding the stone apart 
from Fluffy, loads of enchantments, probably, and Quirrell would 
have done some anti-Dark Arts spell which Snape needs to break 
through –' 

'So you mean the Stone's only safe as long as Quirrell stands up 
to Snape?'
Harry, who was looking up 'Dittany' in One Thousand Magical 
Herbs and Fungi, didn't look up until he heard Ron say, 'Hagrid!
said Hagrid again.
They'll think 
I've toldyou–' 

'See you later, then,' said Harry.
'I'm going to see what section he was in,' said Ron, who'd had 

enough of working.
'Hagrid's always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I 
ever met him,' said Harry.
said Harry.
'Of course there are,' said Ron.
said Hermione.
'Yes,' said Harry.
'Oh, come on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do 
know, you know everything that goes on round here,' said 
Hermione in a warm, flattering voice.
Harry and Ron 
beamed at Hermione.
Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he 

was.
said Harry anxiously.
'Can't, Harry, sorry,' said Hagrid.
Harry looked at it, too.
'Won it,' said Hagrid.
said 
Hermione.
Harry whispered.
Harry didn't like the look on 
Malfoy's face at all.
said Hagrid.
* 
Something about the smile lurking on Malfoy's face during the 
next week made Harry, Ron and Hermione very nervous.
'I can't,' said Hagrid.
'Hagrid,' said Harry loudly, 'give it a fortnight and Norbert's 

going to be as long as your house.
Harry suddenly turned to Ron.
'You're losing it, too,' said Ron.
said Ron.
said Harry, hurrying to let her in.
'We've got the Invisibility Cloak,' said Harry.
Harry and Hermione tried to calm Ron down.
Harry and Hermione didn't get a chance to answer.
Harry and Hermione walked back to the castle, feeling 
Saturday couldn't come quickly enough.
'Harry!'
'I 
was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was 
going to catch you, he said you had a drag–' 

Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but 
Professor McGonagall had seen.
'I think I've got a good idea of what's been going on,' said 
Professor McGonagall.
said Harry miserably.
Harry went back to the library, where Hermione was testing 
Ron on Astronomy.
Harry told them what he'd heard.
said Ron.
'Maybe Snape's found out how to get past him without asking 

Hagrid,' said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding 
them.
So what do we do, Harry?'
said Harry.
All 
right, Harry, Hermione?'
'I'm not going in that Forest,' he said, and Harry was pleased to 

hear the note of panic in his voice.
'Look there,' said Hagrid, 'see that stuff shinin' on the ground?
'So me, 

Harry an' Hermione'll go one way an' Draco, Neville an' Fang'll go 
the other.
A little way into it they 
reached a fork in the earth path and Harry, Hermione and Hagrid 
took the left path while Malfoy, Neville and Fang took the right.
Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried.
Harry asked.
'Not fast enough,' said Hagrid.
This is Harry Potter an' 
Hermione Granger, by the way.
said Harry.
said the centaur, pulling Harry to his feet.
'You are the Potter boy,' he said.
'You had better get back to 
Hagrid.
Harry, are you all right?'
'Good luck, Harry Potter,' said Firenze.
'I'm not ill,' said Harry.
'Harry, relax, Hermione's right, the Stone's safe as long as 

Dumbledore's around.
Hagrid would never tell anyone how to 
 



 
 
get past Fluffy ... never ... but – 

Harry suddenly jumped to his feet.
'I've just thought of something,' said Harry.
'We've got to go and see Hagrid, now.'
said Ron, but Harry, sprinting across 
the grounds towards the Forest, didn't answer.
'Yes, please,' said Ron, but Harry cut across him.
'We've got to go to Dumbledore,' said Harry.
'We want to see Professor Dumbledore,' said Hermione, rather 

bravely, Harry and Ron thought.
said Harry frantically.
'Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow,' she said finally.
'But Professor –' 
'Potter, I know what I'm talking about,' she said shortly.
'It's tonight,' said Harry, once he was sure Professor McGonagall 

was out of earshot.
'It's obvious,' said Ron.
He put on a high voice, 'Oh Professor 
Flitwick, I'm so worried, I think I got question fourteen b 
wrong ...' 

'Oh, shut up,' said Hermione, but she agreed to go and watch out 
for Snape.
Harry and Ron went back to the common room.
Harry had just 
said, 'At least Hermione's on Snape's tail,' when the portrait of the 
Fat Lady swung open and Hermione came in.
'Snape came out and asked me 
what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwick, and Snape 
went to get him, and I've only just got away.
Harry said.
said Ron.
said Hermione.
After what McGonagall and Snape 

have said?
'You're right, Harry,' said Hermione in a small voice.
'I'll use the Invisibility Cloak,' said Harry.
said Ron.
Harry and Ron didn't talk much.
'Nothing, Neville, nothing,' said Harry, hurriedly putting the 
Cloak behind his back.
'You're going out again,' he said.
'No, no, no,' said Hermione.
'You can't go out,' said Neville, 'you'll be caught again.
'You don't understand,' said Harry, 'this is important.'
said Neville.
Harry turned to Hermione.
Harry whispered.
'We had to, Neville, no time to explain,' said Harry.
'Oh, let's kick her, just this once,' Ron whispered in Harry's ear, 
but Harry shook his head.
'Well, there you are,' Harry said quietly.
'If you want to go back, I won't blame you,' he said.
'Don't be stupid,' said Ron.
'We're coming,' said Hermione.
'It must wake up the moment you stop playing,' said Harry.
'I think we'll be able to pull the door open,' said Ron, peering 
over the dog's back.
said Ron.
Then he looked up at Ron and said, 'If anything 
happens to me, don't follow.
'Right,' said Ron.
'See you in a minute, I hope ...' 
And Harry let go.
said Hermione.
'Yeah,' said Ron, 'and lucky Harry doesn't lose his head in a crisis 
– "there's no wood", honestly.'
'This way,' said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway which 
was the only way on.
said Ron.
'Probably,' said Harry.
said Ron.
Harry said suddenly, 'they're keys!
Harry whispered.
said Ron.
said Hermione nervously.
'I think,' said Ron, 'we're going to have to be chessmen.'
'I suppose we've got to 

take the place of three of the black pieces ...' 
Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watching Ron think.
'I'm going to be a knight,' said Ron.
Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and 
Hermione were in danger.
'Yes ...' said Ron softly, 'it's the only way ...
Harry and Hermione shouted.
With one last desperate look back at Ron, Harry and 
Hermione charged through the door and up the next passageway.
'He'll be all right,' said Harry, trying to convince himself.
Harry whispered.
'Snape's,' said Harry.
'Of course not,' said Hermione.
'Got it,' she said.
'There's only enough there for one of us,' he said.
'You drink that,' said Harry.
'But Harry – what if You-Know-Who's with him?'
said Harry, pointing at his 

scar.
'Harry – you're a great wizard, you know.'
'I'm not as good as you,' said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let 

go of him.
said Hermione.
'You drink first,' said Harry.
said Harry anxiously.
Harry couldn't take it in.
I'll be 
far away by the time he gets back ...' 

All Harry could think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and 
stop him concentrating on the Mirror.
'Yes,' said Quirrell idly, walking around the Mirror to look at 

the back.
'Get out of the way,' he said.
Where there should have been a back to Quirrell's head, there was 
a face, the most terrible face Harry had ever seen.
'Harry Potter ...' it whispered.
the face said.
shrieked Voldemort again and Quirrell 
lunged, knocking Harry clean off his feet, landing on top of him, 
both hands around Harry's neck – Harry's scar was almost blinding 
him with pain, yet he could see Quirrell howling in agony.
And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his 

knees, let go of his neck and stared, bewildered, at his own palms 
– Harry could see they looked burnt, raw, red and shiny.
Harry!'
'Good afternoon, Harry,' said Dumbledore.
Harry stared at him.
said Harry blankly.
said Harry.
'No, Harry, he has not.
You will know, one day ... put it from your mind for 
now, Harry.
When he had found his voice again, Harry said, 'And the 
Invisibility Cloak – do you know who sent it to me?'
'Quirrell said Snape –' 
'Professor Snape, Harry.'
And she let Ron and Hermione in.
'Harry!'
'Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to – Dumbledore was 

so worried –' 
'The whole school's talking about it,' said Ron.
Ron and Hermione were a very good audience; they gasped in all 
the right places and, when Harry told them what was under 
Quirrell's turban, Hermione screamed out loud.
said Ron finally.
said Harry.
'Well, I got back all right,' said Hermione.
He 
already knew – he just said, "Harry's gone after him, hasn't he?"
said Ron.
'No, it isn't,' said Harry thoughtfully.
It's almost like he thought I had the right to face 
Voldemort if I could ...' 

'Yeah, Dumbledore's barking, all right,' said Ron proudly.
'Oh good,' said Harry.
said Harry anxiously and at last 
Hagrid gave a weak chuckle.
'Third – to Mr Harry Potter ...' said Dumbledore.
He caught Harry's eye and Harry knew at once that Snape's 
feelings towards him hadn't changed one jot.
'Thanks,' said Harry.
'Not where I'm going, I promise you,' said Harry.
'Harry Potter!'
she said.
'Very,' said Harry.
Harry hung back for a last word with Ron and Hermione.